feat(curriculum): Add English tasks B1 Block 16 (#59645)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-clarify-misunderstandings/67f10fc083ae801911577d2c.md

---
id: 67f10fc083ae801911577d2c
title: Task 94
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-94
---

<!-- READING -->

# --instructions--

Read the text and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

After speaking with Mark, Lisa discovered that the problem was affecting the whole team, so she wrote a memo to inform everyone.

`Hi team,`

> `Just a quick update: I spoke with Mark about a glitching issue in the menu—it sometimes disappears or shows the wrong options and acts weird. We also noticed flickering when switching tabs. The behavior is not consistent, but it happens enough to be a problem.`
> 
> `After checking a few machines, I confirmed it's happening across the team. It looks like a graphics driver or rendering problem, possibly linked to event handling in the UI framework.`
> 
> `Please update your graphics drivers as soon as possible. If the issue continues, we'll run further diagnostics.`
> 
> `Let me know if you have questions.`
> 
> `— Lisa`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Just a quick update: I spoke with Mark about a glitching issue in the menu — it sometimes disappears or shows the wrong options and acts weird. We also noticed flickering when switching tabs. The behavior is not consistent, but it happens enough to be a problem.`

`After checking a few machines, I confirmed it's happening across the team. It looks like a graphics driver or rendering problem, possibly linked to event handling in the UI framework.`

`Please update your graphics drivers as soon as possible. If the issue continues, we'll run further diagnostics.`

`Let me know if you have questions.`

`Lisa`
```

What did Lisa confirm after checking other computers?

## --answers--

The issue only happened once.

### --feedback--

Lisa said the issue happened multiple times across the team, not just once.

---

The problem was affecting the whole team.

---

The issue was caused by a new feature.

### --feedback--

There's no mention of a new feature being the cause.

---

The computers all needed restarting.

### --feedback--

Lisa didn't mention restarting as a solution in the memo.

## --video-solution--

2

# --explanation--

To find the correct answer, focus on what Lisa says she confirmed after checking other machines.

> She mentions the issue was not just on Mark's computer—`it'happening across the team`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
She mentions the issue was not just on Mark's computer — `it's happening across the team`.
```
